[Music]
[Laughter]
for the first few million years after
the Sun formed there were no planets to
see it rise
just clouds of dust and gas
the leftovers from the birth of the Sun
over tens of millions of years the dust
began to stick together and form the
first rocks
[Music]
eventually gravity assembled the rocks
to create planetary embryos but in time
form the four closest planets to the Sun
today mercury is the closest of all and
during the sun's full glare further out
lies Venus
shown by a thick atmosphere
then Venus's neighborhood
and farthest of all Mars
a cold desert world
together they form the only rocky
so-called terrestrial planets in the
solar system and of the for one is
unique
you